chore: announcement (#38)
biomejs/biome: website/src/pages/blog/annoucing-biome.mdx

authorUrl: https://twitter.com/ematipico
coauthorName: Biome Core Team
coauthorAvatar: /img/circle-indent-logo.svg
pubDate: 2023-08-31
layout: ../../layouts/Blog.astro
coverImage: blog/announcing-biome/biome-logo-slogan.png
coverImageAltText: The name of the project - "Biome", with the slogan underneath that says "Toolchain of the web"
---

We are happy to announce Biome, _toolchain of the web_.

Biome is the **official** fork of Rome and will continue Rome's legacy.

Biome is **led and maintained** by the same people that maintained Rome so far.

**Follow us**:
- [Github organization](https://github.com/biomejs)
- [Official repository](https://github.com/biomejs/biome)
- [Official discord server](https://discord.gg/BypW39g6Yc)

## Some background

I want to give some background and context, which could help explain why the core team created a new project with a new name. If you're not interested, jump to the [next section](#enter-biome)

### How it started

Before explaining the reasons for the fork, I'd like to give you some background and context; this would help you understand the reasons
that led to this decision.

> I [joined](https://github.com/rome/tools/pull/794) the Rome project; the project was still you and written in [TypeScript](https://github.com/rome/tools/tree/archived-js).

Reviewer: > the project was still you

What do you mean?

A long time passed, and the project underwent many transitions.

Rome was initially released and licensed under the Meta OSS umbrella. Meta is an excellent incubator for OSS projects, but some people didn't like it, or I felt that.

After a few months, the project got out of Meta's OSS umbrella, and in six months, the creator (Sebastian McKenzie) created the company.
Rome Tools Inc., with the objective of keep working on the Rome project and eventually becoming sustainable.

I was excited about the news and believed in Rome's mission, so I decided to quit my job and join the adventure. In a few weeks, I joined Rome Tools Inc. as
a full-time employee to work on developer tools as my daily job. For me, it was like a dream coming true!

### How it finished (maybe?)

Not all startups manage to succeed, and Rome Tools Inc. wasn't one of them. Eventually, all the employees were let go.

> My adventure with Rome Tools Inc. sadly finished, but fortunately, my career as a developer tools developer continued! A few months later, I joined the Astro Technology Company and now work full-time at [astro](https://astro.build/). It's a great place to work, and I get to work every day with fantastic people. I love them!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
My adventure with Rome Tools Inc. sadly ended, but fortunately, my career as a developer tools' developer continued! A few months later, I joined the Astro Technology Company and now work full-time at [astro](https://astro.build/). It's a great place to work, and I get to work every day with fantastic people. I love them!
```
